Full screen app (#3221)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-mobile-app.adoc

!http://appium.io/docs/en/drivers/ios-xcuitest/[XCUITest]
!===

> |`mobile.fullscreen-app`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`mobile-application.full-screen`
```

a|`true`

`false`
|`false`

> |If set to true VIVIDUS will consider that application is fullscreen one and doesn't have status bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Set to `true` if mobile application is running in full-screen mode and system status bar is not displayed.
```
